Add CONTRIBUTING.md. (#108)
gamedig/rust-gamedig: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to rust-GameDig
This project is very open to new suggestions, additions and/or changes, these 
can come in the form of *discussions* about the project's state, *proposing a 
new feature*, *holding a few points on why we shall do X breaking change* or
*submitting a fix*.

## Communications
GitHub is the place we use to track bugs and discuss new features/changes,
although we have a [Discord](https://discord.gg/NVCMn3tnxH) server for the
community, all bugs, suggestions and changes will be reported on GitHub 
alongside with their backing points to ensure the transparency of the project's
development.

## Issues

> When opening a new issue, make sure to fill the issue template. They are made

Reviewer: Possibly worth mentioning that they should check whether there is an existing relevant issue first.

to make the subject to be as understandable as possible, not doing so may result 
in your issue not being managed right away, if you don't understand something
(be it regarding your own problem/the issue template/the library), please state 
so.

## Development
Note before contributing that everything done here is under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/license/mit/) license.
### Naming
Naming is an important matter, and it shouldn't be changed unless necessary.

A game's identificator shall be created following these rules:

> 1. Names composed of a maximum of two words will result in an id where the 

Reviewer: Would be more complete if we mention the rule 4 exception here:
> maximum of two words (except when rule #4 applies)

Author: Do you mean this for the 2nd point? Rule #4 wouldn't apply to the 1st point cause that would end up being the same as #3.

Reviewer: I meant that when rule 4 applies: there is a duplicate ID. Instead of using rule 2 to construct the ID with an ancronym we fall back to rule 1 to make it out of words. However rule 1 doesn't mention this and explicitly states the only case it applies is when there are <= 2 words.

Author: Oh, right, we could mention this.

Author: Looks right?

Reviewer: lgtm!

words are concatenated (`Dead Cells` -> `deadcells`), acronyms in the name 
count as a single word (`S.T.A.L.K.E.R.` -> `stalker`).
2. Names of more than two words shall be made into an acronym made of the 
initial letters (`The Binding of Isaac` -> `tboi`), [hypenation composed words](https://prowritingaid.com/hyphenated-words) 
don't count as a single word, but of how many parts they are made of 
(`Dino D-Day`, 3 words, so `ddd`).
3. If a game has the exact name as a previously existing id's game 
(`Star Wars Battlefront 2`, the 2005 and 2017 one), append the release name to
the newer id (2005 would be `swbf2` and 2017 would be `swbf22017`).
4. If a new id (`Day of Dragons` -> `dod`) results in an id that already exists 
(`Day of Defeat` -> `dod`), then the new name should ignore rule #2 
(`Day of Dragons` -> `dayofdragons`).
5. Always append the sequel number at the end (`Team Fortress 2` -> 
`teamfortress2`) and the year (`Unreal Torunament 2004` -> 
`unrealtournament2004`), note that the number (or the year) don't count to rule

> #2, roman numbering will be converted to arabic numbering (`Final Fantasy XIV` -> `finalfantasy14`).

Reviewer: Games with multiple protocols (minecraft) aren't covered by these rules.

Author: Updated, seems fitting now?

> #2, roman numbering will be converted to arabic numbering (`Final Fantasy XIV` -> `finalfantasy14`).

Reviewer: We don't mention casing but all the IDs we have at the moment seem to be lowercase only, we should specify that.

> #2, roman numbering will be converted to arabic numbering (`Final Fantasy XIV` -> `finalfantasy14`).

Reviewer: If we are going to keep legacy IDs as aliases it might be worth mentioning. Something like: once an ID for a game is added that ID should always resolve to that game even if future ID naming changes result in duplicate IDs.

Author: No, this will be a breaking change for rust.
I do want to also make a PR for the node lib for adding a contributing file, which will also come with breaking changes (or might not, not sure for now).

### Priorities
If two games were to be requested to be added where one of them already has the 
underlying protocol implemented, that's the one that'll be prioritized unless 

> said requested comes with the implementation added by himself (also called a 

Reviewer: Preferably use gender neutral language here.

> If two games were to be requested to be added where one of them already has the 
> underlying protocol implemented, that's the one that'll be prioritized unless 
> said requested comes with the implementation added by himself (also called a 
> contribution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Game suggestions will be prioritized by maintainers based on whether the game
uses a protocol already implemented in the library (games that use already
implemented protocols will be added first), except in the case where a
contribution is made with the protocol needed to implement the game.
```

someone might just have had your issue already, or you might find something 
related that could be of help.

When opening a new issue, make sure to fill the issue template. They are made
to make the subject to be as understandable as possible, not doing so may result 
in your issue not being managed right away, if you don't understand something
(be it regarding your own problem/the issue template/the library), please state 
so.

## Development
Note before contributing that everything done here is under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/license/mit/) license.
### Naming
Naming is an important matter, and it shouldn't be changed unless necessary.

Game **names** should be added as they appear on steam (or other storefront 
if not listed there) with the release year appended in brackets (except when the 
release year is already part of the name).  
If there is a mod that needs to be added (or it adds the support for server 
queries for the game), its name should be composed of the game name, a separating
**bracket**, the mod name and the release year as specified previously
(e.g. `Grand Theft Auto V - FiveM (2013)`).

> A game's **identification** is lowercased only and be created following these rules:

Reviewer: We also need to specify that it is lowercase alphanumeric (symbols are stripped).

3. If a game has the exact name as a previously existing id's game 
(`Star Wars Battlefront 2`, the 2005 and 2017 one), append the release year to
the newer id (2005 would be `swbf2` (suppose we already have this one supported) 
and 2017 would be `swbf22017`).
4. If a new id (`Day of Dragons` -> `dod`) results in an id that already exists 
(`Day of Defeat` -> `dod`), then the new name should ignore rule #2 
(`Day of Dragons` -> `dayofdragons`).
5. Roman numbering will be converted to arabic numbering (`XIV` -> `14`).
6. Unless numbers are at the end of a name, they will be considered words, 
but digits will always be used instead of the acronym (counter to #2) (`Left 4 
Dead` -> `l4d`) unless they at the start position (`7 Days to Die` -> `sdtd`), 
if they are at the end (such as sequel number or the year), always append them 
(`Team Fortress 2` -> `teamfortress2`, `Unreal Tournament 2003` -> 
`unrealtournament2003`).
7. If a game has multiple id entries (by specifying the edition (Minecraft: 
Java and Bedrock) or the release version (Counter-Strike 1: 1.5 and 1.6)), one
more entry by the base name (`minecraft` and `counterstrike` respectively) can

> be added, where it queries in a group said included entries.

Reviewer: This mentions the case for the auto query but doesn't tell us what to do for individual protocols. Should we stop adding ids for individual protocols e.g. `minecraftjava`?

Or should that already be included as a word anyway. I have been leaving out because the protocol is wrapped in `()`, which is similar to how the year is extra info, but games could included `()` in their titles anyway.

Perhaps adding the protocol should be specified in name rules.

Author: Modified, what do you think?
